Updating heapless and allowing external usage (#53)
rust-embedded-community/serde-json-core: CHANGELOG.md

- [ryu](https://github.com/dtolnay/ryu) is used to serialize `f32` and `f64`

> - Added missing implementation for `serialize_bytes` method

Reviewer: We should put this line into an `###Added` section before we do a new release.

Author: I added the new section and re-organized the existing changelog to keep everything in line. Let me know if you'd prefer this to be in a different PR!

Reviewer: Looks good thanks!

> ### Breaking
> - Heapless dependency updated to 0.6.1 - publicly exporting heapless for external use.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publicly re-export `heapless` dependency to allow for external usage.
- [breaking-change] Heapless dependency updated to 0.6.1
```
Hmm, "Breaking" is not a separate category as per keepachangelog.com.
How about something like this?
